good morning guys it is Friday and I
have free lectures today a supervision
and then I'll be on my way to Munich
because I'm taking a weekend trip for an
interview for mu n fellowship so I'm
really excited because you know I get a
little break in the middle of term which
is really really nice but today it's
gonna be super super busy because I have
all these lectures and a supervision and
then I'm basically just gonna rush back
to my room
finish packing because there's just a
few things that you know you can only
pack in like when you leave like I don't
know like your toothbrush stuff like
that so I'm gonna put all that in and
then I'm gonna rush to the Canberra
station and go to London Heathrow
Airport to catch my flight and then I
also need to like tell the college that
I'm like leaving for the weekend because
apparently you can't just leave which I
didn't know so like I have to hand in
this like little flip which looks like
super retro if you like you see the
heading there you go it's like kind of
like really old-fashioned but it's kind
of cool so yeah I just need you're
handsome and yep so my plan now is to go
and get breakfast then I'm gonna get for
my lectures and my supervision then I'm
gonna head back here get my bags and I'm
gonna leave for the airport
[Music]
I got back from my supervision now it's
almost three o'clock and what I'm gonna
do now is I'm gonna finish packing
because it literally looks almost the
same as it did this morning which is not
good because I really need to like wrap
up packing and yet so packing is the
plan for now I think I can finish this
within like 10 minutes 15 then I'm gonna
make myself something to eat and then
I'm gonna go to the Cambridge station
and I need to check like how long it's
gonna take me because I'm thinking about
getting a cab but not sure like if it's
only like a 20 minute walk or something
I can still like do it because I mean
I'm only traveling with hand luggage so
it's fine so yeah I'm gonna check on
that and then I'll go okay smiley train
Lisa 4 and I need to be to airport
around like 7 because my flight leaves
at 8:00 so yeah this is a bit stressful
today because I just like got a run like
from place to place but I'm also really
excited for going back to Germany so
yeah let's get packing ok so I just
looked it up and it's like a Fraidy
minute walk so I should be fine so right
now it's like free clock so I'm just
gonna get some food and then I'm on my
way
[Music]
I made it to Munich it's almost midnight
now and yeah I think I'm just gonna like
fall asleep now I'm just gonna take my
makeup off make sure that my outfit for
tomorrow's ready and yeah that's pretty
much what I'm gonna do and like I'm
gonna figure out my route to the
interview tomorrow morning because I'm
just way too tired and I know it's like
not gonna be like a two-hour thing so
I'm fine so yeah that's all I'm gonna do
I have some time to read over my
application on the plane so that was
really good because then I don't have to
do this tomorrow morning and I can just
sleep now good morning guys it's almost
8 o'clock and my plan is to just get
ready in and leave the house and go to
the place with this election day because
it's gonna take me around an hour and
the day's been started in like an hour
and 50 minutes so I'm doing pretty well
in terms of timing and I'm just gonna
catch breakfast on the way think I'm
just gonna stop it bakery or something
and yeah that's pretty much the plan and
the program is gonna run to like free
p.m. and obviously not gonna film there
because I mean it's like an interview
setting so yeah and after that I think
I'm just gonna go shoo supermarket buy
something for dinner and for tomorrow's
breakfast and a little thank-you for the
people let me stay in the house because
they're my mom's boyfriend's family so
and then all here and they actually have
never met me in person so it's really
really nice that they were lit just like
yeah that's fine you can come so yeah
that's the plan now and yeah wish me
luck
so I just got back and basically
Assessment Center lasted until like 3:00
p.m. I was like super intense and I
honestly have no idea how this went
because like the task we're not like you
know like straightforward like okay so
tell us why you want to join it's a
strat cetera it was more like just
exercises and I'm kind of like assessing
your character and stuff and honestly
like I have no idea how does one but it
was a lot of fun but it was really
really intense and when I was done with
the Assessment Center I just walked a
little bit from unique you know did some
shopping and I found this really really
really cute gift for my mom I guess like
you guys might sound weird but basically
I bought some fairy lights which look
like little white rabbits and yeah I
just bought them and then sent them off
in a package because I realized I don't
have space in my bag but no problem
because my mom's birthday is on November
14 so it's gonna arrive like you know
well-timed
so yeah I'm gonna put a little short
clip off the thing in here now and don't
worry I told my mom not to watch this so
yeah it's all good um so yeah and I also
got some food because I need to eat
something for dinner and for breakfast
tomorrow morning and now my plan is to
take a little break because I'm just
kind of mentally drained from this
Assessment Center but it was fun it was
a lot of fun but it was just so intense
so I'm gonna take a little break maybe
like half an hour or an hour even and
you know just gonna chill a little and
after that I'm gonna do some reading
because of course I bought my public law
textbook so like motivate me to actually
do some reading and I kind of like not
want to like have carried this from the
UK to Germany for not even having open
it so I'm gonna read at least 20 pages
just to give me worth bringing this
thing here so yeah that's the goal
[Music]
and here's my little thank you gift for
two people who let me stay here I just
got this today and I found the card to
be super cute and I wrote this card in
German and I realized that my German
grammar really really sucks by now and
that was kind of scary because German is
my mother tongue after all good morning
guys it's way too early in the morning
and I look like I didn't get enough
sleep because I didn't do the under part
of my lashes so my eyes look kind of
weird
but I'm planning to like take a nap on
the plane so I don't think any doctor
mascara down there because it's just
gonna you know run down my face so yeah
and now I'm gonna run to the station and
then I'm on my way back to London
[Music]
and I'm making Kenny bridge so now my
fun is to Skype with my mom because we
haven't skipped with one another for
quite a while and then I'm gonna do some
more readings for next week supervisions
[Music]
good morning guys it's almost 8 o'clock
now and I'm gonna go for breakfast now
and then I'm gonna drop off my shoes
because they need repair and then go to
the law faculty and I have two lectures
today constitutional law on tort law so
yeah and after that I have a meeting for
the Cambridge University human rights
law Society
so I'm just gonna stay in the law
faculty for a little bit longer because
the meeting is nearby and I'm just gonna
have lunch and a faculty and after that
I'm gonna come back here do some work
because my goal is to finish my
constitutional law readings by tomorrow
night so then on Wednesday I can focus
on criminal law because those are two
supervisions asked this week and after
that I aim to already start on my
provisions for next week because this
week I have no essay but next week I'm
gonna have to write two essays so will
be great if I have a head start on that
and yet this evening I'm gonna go out
with my friends and we're gonna have
some food and now we're gonna go and see
the fireworks which are happening
tonight so yeah
[Music]
and I reckon my room now so I went to
the meeting after came to University
human rights law society it's really
exciting I'm going to be on the
committee of a society and I think it's
really really great so yeah and then I
went back here and I think I'm just
gonna do a few more readings for
constitutional law so that I can make my
you know personal deadline of ending all
these readings for Tuesday night so that
I can focus on criminal by Wednesday so
yeah that's pretty much the plan for now
I'm just gonna do a few more readings
and then I'm gonna meet up with Andrew
and we're gonna go for dinner with your
friends and they were gonna watch the
fireworks and that's pretty much the
plan for today also just completely
random butterfly to show you guys those
this is our matriculation photograph and
can you see like they put all our names
down here like in the perfect order as
we are here and like it was a really
complicated system to start that out and
it just looks like so fancy and this is
my matriculation photograph I'm really
lucky because at least my eyes weren't
closed on that picture
and that happened to someone so yeah but
I thought I'd just show you guys these
before I put them in my suitcase because
I'm gonna take them back home because I
don't really have space for it in my
room and I don't know I feel like I
don't want to put them up at home so
yeah I just wanted to show you guys what
they look like
[Music]
it's almost 5:00 ready now and I'm gonna
go out now meet up with Andrew and then
we're gonna fit up with some friends and
Jen we're gonna go to the fireworks okay
this is Andrew Andrew I got something
from you Nick do you want to take it I
do yeah
this is chocolate with air so basically
you pay for something that's free how
did you oh thanks I think is this German
chocolate but I don't know actually
era isn't like like air like a IR air
yes no wait how does that even work
there's like I think there's like holes
in it I love chocolate though we this is
friggin perfect oh ho
[Music]
[Applause]
and I'm back in my room now if you may
realize there were no pictures and
videos of fireworks that's because we
missed the fireworks oh yeah we are
great at time management because we were
just like sitting in this really really
nice dumpling restaurant and yeah we
just you know talked and time went by
and then we realized the fireworks are
over so yeah but we found this little
bear and it was really really nice and
we should walked around and looked at
all the different stalls and it was
really cool so yeah we still had a
really nice evening and it was great
so yeah although we missed the fireworks
and kind of look but it didn't really
matter to be honest I think we still had
a lot of fun so yeah I'm glad that it
was a great evening and now I'm think
I'm gonna do with like one more reading
for constitutional law because I'm like
really eager to like hit my target after
Tuesday evening oh yeah um but yeah I'm
gonna end this look here I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you guys for any questions
as usual feel free to drop them in the
comments below or send me a message for
the contact section on my blog which is
linked below and by the way a lot of you
guys asked for my hair routine it is
linked below as well if you guys are
interested so yeah thank you guys so
much for watching have a nice day bye